FIX ASAP:

didn't fix all the levels in the last build
sphere collider on planets???
turned off pause
move thumpette to 6; move everything back one, remove thumpette?


FIX After ASAP:
change enemy spawn to greater than change threshold; make more reactive to music
too many green particles
add parallax to all the different levels?
more pics on store; pics of bazooka nad missile
check to see if onapplicationpause made a difference
make lights more based on the star in the level - make the directional light a part of the background manager
update when planet leaves
fade text out over longer period


FIX Before Open Beta:
Lock levels
Update tutorial
update scores in store
checks for free- background covers some of ship

FIX Before Launch
on application pause
fix permissions!

FIX at Some Point:
triple shoot if so powerful, try double shoot
new enemy!
Show multiple highest scores per level
tell the user about the store
combine redundant parts of hero and main
ZAPPER!
add bouncing icon to tutorial
ComboPopText is wrong - enemy4 can't combo
use time.timescale? to do countdown from pause
ship stopped tilting
privatize your variables
pause - count down to re-enter
get rid of all weapon counting - use same number if weapon is changed
object pooling
show hero ship on purchase screen?
survival mode - infinite number of waves
-shepard tone
consider moving stars
- maybe show movement somehow?
add fire to back of ship; increase with speed upgrade
add restart and level select buttons to game paused


UPGRADES - stronger shields, require two hits to destroy
magnet to pull in powerup
new ship
side shots
Missile that go out then home in
more new weapons, rockets go to nearest enemy and make big explosion, weapon that doesn't move, like a mine, add rocket fire
-double tap for rocket
faster shots, less delay between shots, more damage

cd C:\Users\HMGSYS\Documents\GitHub\Unity\Space-SHMUP\Space SHMUP
adb install -r GalacticBeats.apk

build process:
turn off invincible, free weapons
update all levels

opengameart.org
deviantart

other ideas:
small enemies attach to you like barnicles

optimized levels:
1,2,3,4?